[DOCS] Document database records (#4760)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Database/Index.rst

:navigation-title: Database
..  include:: /Includes.rst.txt
..  index:: ! Database
..  _database:

========================
Database (Doctrine DBAL)
========================

> This chapter describes accessing the database on the level of the Doctrine
> database abstraction layer (DBAL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chapter describes accessing the database on the level of the Doctrine
Database Abstraction Layer (DBAL).
```

> The Doctrine Database Abstraction Layer (DBAL) in TYPO3 provides developers

Reviewer: Sounds a bit like "we (TYPO3) have build DBAL". I prefer something like "With help of DBAL..." or "DBAL is a PHP community driven ... which is used in TYPO3 since ..." or maybe just a simple link to the project is missing to clearify that.

Author: I linked the project, good point

> The Doctrine Database Abstraction Layer (DBAL) in TYPO3 provides developers

Author: ```suggestion
The `Doctrine Database Abstraction Layer (DBAL) <https://www.doctrine-project.org/projects/dbal.html>`__ in TYPO3 provides developers
```

with a powerful and flexible way to interact with databases, allowing them to
perform database operations through an object-oriented API while ensuring
compatibility across different database systems.

Within the TYPO3 backend rows of database tables are usually represented as
:ref:`database-records` and configured in :ref:`database-records-tca`.

In Extbase based extensions tables are abstracted as
:ref:`Extbase models <extbase-model>`. Operations like creating, updating and
deleting database entries are usually done from within a
:ref:`Extbase repository <extbase-repository>` with methods provided by Extbase

> classes. However Doctrine DBAL can also be used from extensions that use, for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
classes. However, Doctrine DBAL can also be used by extensions that use, for
```

> :ref:`Extbase models <extbase-model>`. Operations like creating, updating and
> deleting database entries are usually done from within a
> :ref:`Extbase repository <extbase-repository>` with methods provided by Extbase
> classes. However Doctrine DBAL can also be used from extensions that use, for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`Extbase models <extbase-model>`. Operations such as creating, updating and
deleting database records are usually performed from within a
:ref:`Extbase repository <extbase-repository>` with methods provided by Extbase
classes. However Doctrine DBAL can also be used from extensions that use, for
```
